what's going on y'all Rob here Square
Wheels Auto I'm back I told you I was
coming back y'all if you haven't seen it
Apex cluster is here check out the
overview video link it somewhere up here
somewhere down there depending on where
you're watching but this right here is
going to be the installation video I'm
going to walk you through it step by
step in a nutshell it's basically two
screws and two plugs and you're on your
way but of course I'll walk through it
in painstaking detail because I know
y'all appreciate having that
transparency up front as always any
comments any questions any concerns
anything I may have missed in this video
always hit me up in the comments always
hit me up on support I'm here for you I
want to make sure youall are enjoying
these things as much as I do sit tight
we're going to walk through this it's
dead
easy now the first step in the
installation is going to be to take a
deep breath and relax realize that the
instrument cluster is probably one of
the most basic most uncomplicated
components of our vehicles it's 99%
readon meaning it's only there to read
values from the vehicle and present them
to you as a user there's very little
that's coming from the dash and going
into the computer so you don't need to
worry about breaking anything or
throwing any lights or anything like
that it's a a a dumb terminal just the
same way that your TV has nothing to do
with your Xbox or your PlayStation you
can punch a hole in your TV and your
Xbox will be just fine it's the same
concept take a deep breath relax you're
not going to break anything ready to
move on to step
two now to remove your OEM instrument
cluster I I went through tons of videos
on YouTube I went through tons of um I
don't know documents that said you have
to take apart your entire dashboard and
pull all this stuff apart I didn't run
into that I talked to my homely who does
tons of custom work on q50s it's really
easy this guy says that he's changed out
instrument clusters uh while he was
driving which I don't recommend
disclaimer fine print fine text and all
that I don't recommend that just know
that it's not terribly difficult just
pull forward on the uh fascia above the
instrument cluster and it'll pop out
there's just three tabs on there you can
pull that out and then there's like a
little leather uh fascia cover that kind
of covers your steering column there's
three plugs on that all you got to do is
pull it out you're not going to snap
anything I promise you pull it out and
you'll expose the fascia for the OEM
instrument cluster now keep in mind
there's a plug for your starter button
and then there's a plug for your
lightness controls on the uh left what
I've been doing is leaving the start
button connected and then just flipping
the fascia over to the side so I can can
operate pull things out put things in
there's plenty of room to do it so first
step is pull the plastic fascia out and
that will expose the OEM
cluster after you've got the face out
you will see that there's two uh two
screws at the very bottom just simple
Phillips head
screws you remove those Phillips head
screws and you'll be able to pull the
fascia directly out towards you and it's
just held in you'll see it once you get
it out it's held in by those two plastic
CR pins that they use for everything and
once you've got it out you'll see that
there's only two screw or two plugs on
the back of the OEM instrument cluster I
don't know what they do they just talk
to the instrument cluster and give it
power that's all you need to know you
remove those two
plugs and your instrument cluster is
free in your hand to throw in the trash
now once you got the OEM cluster out
you're ready to perform your mileage SN
so go ahead and take that OEM cluster
out of the trash bring it back you're
not done with it yet now to explain the
mileage syn I think it's kind of helpful
just to understand how it works so I'm
going to break it down think of the
cable that comes in the kit um as a
glorified I don't know sync cable and
the way the sync cable will work is is
to basically get power from the vehicle
as its input and then it'll treat the
OEM cluster as a host and it will tell
the Apex cluster to read from the host
and write its mileage to the Apex
cluster so as you can see here I've got
the Apex cluster over here I've got the
OEM cluster right here I've got my
mileage Sy Cable in hand
now if you look up
here since I removed the OEM cluster
I've got two wires and they're coming
off the exact same
harness there's one wide one and one
small
one this is the sequence that you need
to follow in order to perform your
mileage sync of course make sure that
your car is completely off not in
accessory mode not in ignition mode but
completely off step one is going to be
take this wide plug and plug it in to
the back of the Apex cluster and as you
can see there's no where to plug it in
the wrong spot there's just one big port
and one small
Port you're going to plug the
wide side into the Apex
cluster then
the other one will be
free make sure that this is still
accessible and what you're going to do
is take your trusty mileage sink harness
and take the female end of it plug it
into the nail end of this plug
here no way to plug it in wrong right
what you're left with is
the two input ends is what I'm going to
call them the next step in the process
will be to plug the first plug and
they're exactly the same they don't
matter it's just about the sequence but
you're going to plug the first one into
the other hole on the back of the Apex
cluster right here again can't get in
the wrong
spot and then the last step will be to
plug in this last plug from the maret
carness into to the back of the OEM
cluster
here once you do that both of the
Clusters will light up and you should
see the mileage the matching mileage
from your OEM cluster show up on your
Apex cluster now I'm not doing it
because I've already done the mileage
sync and I don't want to you know kind
of resync the mileage
so
um oh yeah another thing while you have
the um mileage SN harness
installed you can and probably will see
a chassis control system error on either
the Apex cluster or the OEM cluster
that's fine it's perfectly normal it'll
go away once you remove the mileage syn
cable and you just install the cluster
as it is but basically you'll see here
my mileage is already synced and uh
updated so now I know that I can just
complete my install remove the mileage
syn harness and then plug that other
plug right into the back of the Apex
plug in your OEM or sorry plug in your
USB and your HDMI and then button it up
and you will be ready to go so I've
already gotten a head start I have kind
of taken apart my center console uh
enough to get to the back of the Mark 7
screen now currently in 2024 the Mark 7
is the latest generation of Tesla style
screens for the Infinity Q50 Q60 there's
also Mark 7 equivalent for the G37 370Z
Nissan GTR you name it so we're taking
the same um core model right the same
screen the same processor the same
memory and just refactoring it to fit
into the dashboards of all these other
vehicles so that we can use the same
software across the board on all these
these
devices what I'm doing is pulling the
Mark 7 out of its spot one more time uh
for this project and the whole reason is
because the Apex cluster interfaces with
the Mark 7 through an HDMI
cable so all I'm doing is plugging the
HDMI cable into the back of the screen
here so a little
rigid rigid rigid a little rigid Edge is
out and taking the other end and routing
it through this cute little hole here um
there's a spot right next to the vent
where there's plenty of room um to Route
any wires through so now I've got this
cable just hanging out and ready for me
to plug in the digital dash from here I
can go ahead and replace or receip the
screen uh it is a little tight back here
with all this stuff just tuck it in as
best you
can make sure your top screen is seated
securely and then this one will fit in
place just
fine and it's ready for me
to screw it back in
place here's the USB
cable now you're going to want to Route
this through probably to uh underneath
in your footw and just be able to tuck
it you know back here behind this panel
you're going to want this to
be uh relatively accessible because
you're going to plug in uh a thumb drive
here for any uh firmware
updates
so the business end of
this goes in this spot right here
and the HDMI goes in right
here now
this USB cable comes with a 90 bend on
it so it's not going to be pushing out
too
far um and it's not going to be getting
kinked up behind the digital dash I
guess if you could find a 90 HDMI cable
um it would be better but uh obviously
mine is just straight so uh I'll see how
it
goes last steps is just going to be the
HDMI and the USB that we discussed
before you can kind
of figure it out just by
touch There She Goes
seat that back in
there hopefully you can see back here it
lines up pretty much
perfectly it sits
back and all you got to do is screw in
those exact same screws and then put
your facia back on and you are ready to
rock and roll